He is a patient, intervening and vastly knowledge person. I can't thank him enough for all the help that he give me, with he's help I was able to take my work to a next level. I will definitely recommend him as a tutor.+1
He is very experienced and knowledgeable. He keeps his lesson effective, engaging and fun. My son is able to stay focus and overcome his fear of writing. We definitely plan to keep working with him.+1
He has been a very good and knowledgeable teacher. He explains really well and my son is able to adapt easily thanks to him. We highly recommend him as a teacher.Good teacher.+1
He quickly adapts the level to meet yours, while at the same time demands your full focus and intensity to learn as much as possible during the lessons. Fantastic so far, would recommend to anyone.Good teacher.+1
She is an excellent tutor who is very knowledgeable and conveys her knowledge of complex material in a manner easily understandable. Highly recommended teacher. Very good teacher.+1
She is the best tutor! She helped me with organic chemistry this summer and was immensely helpful. She was great at explaining everything, and tutoring sessions weren't boring at all.+1 
He was also very upfront about what I needed to change with my study plan. I will continue working with him. +1
He is very thoughtful in his comments and understands the full picture of the document. He makes himself available even on short notice to review, if it is an urgent submission. He is very skillful in helping with language and analysis. I am very happy to be working with Jonathan teacher.+1
David was great in explaining the statistics evolved in medial studies I need to understand in simple terms - help we easily grasp the terms and function behind them. Will use him again soon. Good teacher.+1
She is very professional, easy to get along, friendly and most importantly an expert in accounting and finance. I have enormous respect towards her. I'm going to always go to her whenever I need help.Very good teacher. +1
Look forward to continuing sessions with Daniel! He helped me issue spot a very dense property exam and helped my narrow in on specific issues. I plan on continuing sessions with him.+1
He's a great tutor. Knows what he's doing, kind, and intent on building self-confidence of the language learner.+1
I was looking for a tutor to help my kids to advance themselves in English and writing. Caitlin was very thorough, easy to understand, and patient with the kids.Doesn't teach bad.+1
I would greatly recommend Charles as a tutor. He is extremely good, thorough in his explanations and knowledgeable in mathematics. He has helped me a lot in calculus thus far. Good teacher.+1
I find Nina can teach anyone of any level and walk of life. She is good.+1
Claudia was punctual and organized for our meeting. She was knowledgeable about the topic. She is also warm and flexible as a tutor. I would contact her again in the future. Best teacher ever+1
I learned critical writing skills and organizational tools. He is a very clear thinker and is excellent at helping me with my writing. His extensive vocabulary and facility with grammar make him a wonderful teacher!+1
Anna is very sweet and connected with my daughter very quickly. She is knowledgeable and patient. She is detailed and knows her stuff.+1
Doesn't teach bad.+1
Gives proper time to each module.+1
Doesn't teach good.+-1
Very pathetico teacher. Does not teach half of the time.+-1
Pathetic teacher. Does not explain anything.+-1
Don't ever take this teacher. Does not give marks.Doesn't teach good.+-1
Don't take this teacher. Gets angry very easily.+-1
Teaching depends on mood. She is worst teacher.+-1
Teaches only when she feels like teaching. Totally depends on her mood.+-1
Very angry teacher. Very strict in class. Cannot make noise. Behaves rude.+-1
Most infamous teacher in the institution. Fails most of the students.+-1
Awful teacher. Doesn't know the subject himself. Very weak concepts.+-1
Don't ever take this teacher. Just showgame. Only flaunts in class. Does not know shit.+-1
Useless teacher. Very rude. Half of the time a substitute professor comes. He does not visit the class most of the times.+-1
Foul mouthed professor. Abuses the kids very often. Do not even take in dreams. Will regret forever.+-1
Very rude. Do not take him. +-1
Can be better. Very strict professor. Gives less marks. Worst professor ever.+-1
